1. Differentiate Flowchart and Algorithm.
An algorithm is a procedure or set of rules that defines how a program is to be executed. Or we can say that it is a set of instructions for solving a well-defined computational problem. 
Flowchart on the other hand  is a graphical representation of the steps a program takes to process data. In this, we can use several geometric patterns to illustrate the numerous actions the program carries out. 
With the help of the flowchart, the designer can efficiently segregate the various elements of the process. Also, it facilitates the analysis by giving step-by-step instructions on the problem. An algorithm is
a step-by-step summary of the procedure, while on the other hand, a flowchart illustrates the steps of a program graphically.

2. Discuss a brief history of Flowchart.
1921 - Industrial engineers Frank and Lillian Gilbreth introduced the “Flow Process Chart” to the American Society of Mechanical Engineers (ASME).
1930 - Industrial engineer Allan H. Morgensen used Gilbreth’s tools to present conferences on making work more efficient to business people at his company. 
1940 - In the 1940s, two Morgensen students, Art Spinanger and Ben S. Graham, spread the methods more widely. Spinanger introduced the work simplification methods to Procter and Gamble. Graham, 
a director at Standard Register Industrial, adapted flow process charts to information processing. Also in the late ‘40s, Herman Goldstine and John Van Neumann used flowcharts to develop computer programs, 
and diagramming soon became increasingly popular for computer programs and algorithms of all kinds. Flowcharts are still used for programming today, although pseudocode, a combination of words and coding language 
meant for human reading, is often used to depict deeper levels of detail and get closer to a final product.
1947 - ASME adopted a symbol system for Flow Process Charts, derived from the Gilbreths’ original work.
In Japan, Kaoru Ishikawa (1915-1989), a key figure in quality initiatives in manufacturing, named flowcharts as one of the key tools of quality control, along with complementary tools such as the Histogram, 
Check Sheet and Cause-and-Effect Diagram, now often called the Ishikawa Diagram.
3. Flowcharts Symbol and Meanings. 
Please see in Canvas comment.
4. Create an Algorithm and Flowchart to find the Area of the Square.
Please see in Canvas comment section as well.
